Example snippet to query by protocolPath and structure (#763)
TBD54566975/developer.tbd.website: site/docs/web5/build/decentralized-web-nodes/query-from-dwn.mdx

To guarantee record data, call [records.read()](/api/web5-js/dwn/records#readrequest).
:::

> ## Querying Records by Path and Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Querying Records by Protocol Path
```

> The following snippet demonstrates how to query records by protocol path and structure to match a defined protocol:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippet demonstrates how to query records that match a specific protocol path:
```

<CodeSnippet functionName="queryFromDwnByPathAndStructure" />

:::note

> Before querying records by path and structure, ensure that the protocol is [defined](https://developer.tbd.website/docs/web5/learn/protocols/#defining-a-protocol) and [installed](https://developer.tbd.website/docs/web5/learn/protocols/#installing-a-protocol). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before querying records by protocol path, ensure that the protocol is [installed](https://developer.tbd.website/docs/web5/learn/protocols/#installing-a-protocol). 
```

To guarantee record data, call [records.read()](/api/web5-js/dwn/records#readrequest).
:::

## Querying Records by Path and Type

> The following snippets demonstrate how to query records by path and type to match a defined protocol. The protocol definition below has an audio type and a video type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following snippets demonstrate how to query records by protocol path and type to match a defined protocol. The protocol definition below has an audio type and a video type:
```

Reviewer: Not sure if you're actually querying by `type`. I think it's actually on structure. 

For example, in this example, my protocolPath is `protocolPath: 'message/reply',` (not just `reply` - that doesn't work), where the protocol is:

```js
const protocolDefinition = {
    "protocol": "https://social-media.xyz",
    "published": true,
    "types": {
      "message": {
        "schema": "https://social-media.xyz/schemas/messageSchema",
        "dataFormats": ["text/plain"]
      },
      "reply": {
        "schema": "https://social-media.xyz/schemas/replySchema",
        "dataFormats": ["text/plain"]
      },
      "image": {
        "dataFormats": ["image/jpeg"]
      },
      "caption": {
        "schema": "https://social-media.xyz/schemas/captionSchema",
        "dataFormats": ["text/plain"]
      }
    },
    "structure": {
      "message": {
        "$actions": [...],
        "reply": {
          "$actions": [...]
        }
      },
      "image": {
        "$actions": [...],
        "caption": {
          "$actions": [...]
        },
        "reply": {
          "$actions": [...]
        }
      }
    }
};
```

```javascript

>   const musicProtocolDefinition = {

Reviewer: this part should also go in a snippet. For example, they added `published` as a required field on protocols and we didn't know - and our code snippets didn't reflect that. this is the problem we're trying to solve for with snippets and tests.
